conv1_weights                                      backbone.conv1.conv1.conv.weight                  
bn_conv1_scale                                     backbone.conv1.conv1.norm.weight                  
bn_conv1_offset                                    backbone.conv1.conv1.norm.bias                    
bn_conv1_mean                                      backbone.conv1.conv1.norm._mean                   
bn_conv1_variance                                  backbone.conv1.conv1.norm._variance               
res2a_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn2a_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn2a_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn2a_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn2a_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.norm._variance       
res2a_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn2a_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn2a_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn2a_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn2a_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.norm._variance       
res2a_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res2.res2a.short.conv.weight             
bn2a_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res2.res2a.short.norm.weight             
bn2a_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res2.res2a.short.norm.bias               
bn2a_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res2.res2a.short.norm._mean              
bn2a_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res2.res2a.short.norm._variance          
res2a_branch1_weights                              backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn2a_branch1_scale                                 backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn2a_branch1_offset                                backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn2a_branch1_mean                                  backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn2a_branch1_variance                              backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.norm._variance       
res2b_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn2b_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn2b_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn2b_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn2b_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.norm._variance       
res2b_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn2b_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn2b_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn2b_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn2b_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.norm._variance       
res2b_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn2b_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn2b_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn2b_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn2b_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.norm._variance       
res2c_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn2c_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn2c_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn2c_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn2c_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.norm._variance       
res2c_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn2c_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn2c_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn2c_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn2c_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.norm._variance       
res2c_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn2c_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn2c_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn2c_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn2c_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.norm._variance       
res3a_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn3a_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn3a_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn3a_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn3a_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.norm._variance       
res3a_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn3a_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn3a_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn3a_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn3a_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.norm._variance       
res3a_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn3a_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn3a_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn3a_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn3a_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.norm._variance       
res3a_branch1_weights                              backbone.res3.res3a.short.conv.weight             
bn3a_branch1_scale                                 backbone.res3.res3a.short.norm.weight             
bn3a_branch1_offset                                backbone.res3.res3a.short.norm.bias               
bn3a_branch1_mean                                  backbone.res3.res3a.short.norm._mean              
bn3a_branch1_variance                              backbone.res3.res3a.short.norm._variance          
res3b_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn3b_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn3b_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn3b_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn3b_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.norm._variance       
res3b_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn3b_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn3b_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn3b_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn3b_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.norm._variance       
res3b_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn3b_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn3b_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn3b_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn3b_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.norm._variance       
res3c_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn3c_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn3c_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn3c_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn3c_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.norm._variance       
res3c_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn3c_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn3c_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn3c_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn3c_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.norm._variance       
res3c_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn3c_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn3c_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn3c_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn3c_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.norm._variance       
res3d_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn3d_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn3d_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn3d_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn3d_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.norm._variance       
res3d_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn3d_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn3d_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn3d_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn3d_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.norm._variance       
res3d_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn3d_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn3d_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn3d_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn3d_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.norm._variance       
res4a_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn4a_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn4a_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn4a_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn4a_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.norm._variance       
res4a_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn4a_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn4a_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn4a_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn4a_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.norm._variance       
res4a_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn4a_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn4a_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn4a_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn4a_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.norm._variance       
res4a_branch1_weights                              backbone.res4.res4a.short.conv.weight             
bn4a_branch1_scale                                 backbone.res4.res4a.short.norm.weight             
bn4a_branch1_offset                                backbone.res4.res4a.short.norm.bias               
bn4a_branch1_mean                                  backbone.res4.res4a.short.norm._mean              
bn4a_branch1_variance                              backbone.res4.res4a.short.norm._variance          
res4b_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn4b_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn4b_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn4b_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn4b_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.norm._variance       
res4b_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn4b_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn4b_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn4b_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn4b_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.norm._variance       
res4b_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn4b_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn4b_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn4b_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn4b_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.norm._variance       
res4c_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn4c_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn4c_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn4c_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn4c_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.norm._variance       
res4c_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn4c_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn4c_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn4c_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn4c_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.norm._variance       
res4c_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn4c_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn4c_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn4c_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn4c_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.norm._variance       
res4d_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn4d_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn4d_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn4d_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn4d_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.norm._variance       
res4d_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn4d_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn4d_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn4d_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn4d_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.norm._variance       
res4d_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn4d_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn4d_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn4d_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn4d_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.norm._variance       
res4e_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn4e_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn4e_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn4e_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn4e_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.norm._variance       
res4e_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn4e_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn4e_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn4e_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn4e_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.norm._variance       
res4e_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn4e_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn4e_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn4e_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn4e_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.norm._variance       
res4f_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn4f_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn4f_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn4f_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn4f_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.norm._variance       
res4f_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn4f_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn4f_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn4f_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn4f_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.norm._variance       
res4f_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn4f_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn4f_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn4f_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn4f_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.norm._variance       
res5a_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn5a_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn5a_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn5a_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn5a_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.norm._variance       
res5a_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn5a_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn5a_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn5a_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn5a_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.norm._variance       
res5a_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn5a_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn5a_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn5a_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn5a_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.norm._variance       
res5a_branch1_weights                              backbone.res5.res5a.short.conv.weight             
bn5a_branch1_scale                                 backbone.res5.res5a.short.norm.weight             
bn5a_branch1_offset                                backbone.res5.res5a.short.norm.bias               
bn5a_branch1_mean                                  backbone.res5.res5a.short.norm._mean              
bn5a_branch1_variance                              backbone.res5.res5a.short.norm._variance          
res5b_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn5b_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn5b_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn5b_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn5b_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.norm._variance       
res5b_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn5b_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn5b_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn5b_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn5b_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.norm._variance       
res5b_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn5b_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn5b_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn5b_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn5b_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.norm._variance       
res5c_branch2a_weights                             backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.conv.weight          
bn5c_branch2a_scale                                backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.norm.weight          
bn5c_branch2a_offset                               backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.norm.bias            
bn5c_branch2a_mean                                 backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.norm._mean           
bn5c_branch2a_variance                             backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.norm._variance       
res5c_branch2b_weights                             backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.conv.weight          
bn5c_branch2b_scale                                backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.norm.weight          
bn5c_branch2b_offset                               backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.norm.bias            
bn5c_branch2b_mean                                 backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.norm._mean           
bn5c_branch2b_variance                             backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.norm._variance       
res5c_branch2c_weights                             backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.conv.weight          
bn5c_branch2c_scale                                backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.norm.weight          
bn5c_branch2c_offset                               backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.norm.bias            
bn5c_branch2c_mean                                 backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.norm._mean           
bn5c_branch2c_variance                             backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.norm._variance       
fpn_inner_res5_sum_w                               neck.fpn_inner_res5_sum.weight                    
fpn_inner_res5_sum_b                               neck.fpn_inner_res5_sum.bias                      
fpn_inner_res4_sum_lateral_w                       neck.fpn_inner_res4_sum_lateral.weight            
fpn_inner_res4_sum_lateral_b                       neck.fpn_inner_res4_sum_lateral.bias              
fpn_inner_res3_sum_lateral_w                       neck.fpn_inner_res3_sum_lateral.weight            
fpn_inner_res3_sum_lateral_b                       neck.fpn_inner_res3_sum_lateral.bias              
fpn_inner_res2_sum_lateral_w                       neck.fpn_inner_res2_sum_lateral.weight            
fpn_inner_res2_sum_lateral_b                       neck.fpn_inner_res2_sum_lateral.bias              
fpn_res5_sum_w                                     neck.fpn_res2_sum.weight                          
fpn_res5_sum_b                                     neck.fpn_res2_sum.bias                            
fpn_res4_sum_w                                     neck.fpn_res3_sum.weight                          
fpn_res4_sum_b                                     neck.fpn_res3_sum.bias                            
fpn_res3_sum_w                                     neck.fpn_res4_sum.weight                          
fpn_res3_sum_b                                     neck.fpn_res4_sum.bias                            
fpn_res2_sum_w                                     neck.fpn_res5_sum.weight                          
fpn_res2_sum_b                                     neck.fpn_res5_sum.bias                            
conv_rpn_fpn2_w                                    rpn_head.rpn_feat.rpn_conv.weight                 
conv_rpn_fpn2_b                                    rpn_head.rpn_feat.rpn_conv.bias                   
rpn_cls_logits_fpn2_w                              rpn_head.rpn_rois_score.weight                    
rpn_cls_logits_fpn2_b                              rpn_head.rpn_rois_score.bias                      
rpn_bbox_pred_fpn2_w                               rpn_head.rpn_rois_delta.weight                    
rpn_bbox_pred_fpn2_b                               rpn_head.rpn_rois_delta.bias                      
fc6_w                                              bbox_head.bbox_feat.head_feat.fc6_0.weight        
fc6_b                                              bbox_head.bbox_feat.head_feat.fc6_0.bias          
fc7_w                                              bbox_head.bbox_feat.head_feat.fc7_0.weight        
fc7_b                                              bbox_head.bbox_feat.head_feat.fc7_0.bias          
cls_score_w                                        bbox_head.bbox_score_0.weight                     
cls_score_b                                        bbox_head.bbox_score_0.bias                       
bbox_pred_w                                        bbox_head.bbox_delta_0.weight                     
bbox_pred_b                                        bbox_head.bbox_delta_0.bias                       
mask_inter_feat_1_w                                mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.mask_inter_feat_1.weight
mask_inter_feat_1_b                                mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.mask_inter_feat_1.bias
mask_inter_feat_2_w                                mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.mask_inter_feat_2.weight
mask_inter_feat_2_b                                mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.mask_inter_feat_2.bias
mask_inter_feat_3_w                                mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.mask_inter_feat_3.weight
mask_inter_feat_3_b                                mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.mask_inter_feat_3.bias
mask_inter_feat_4_w                                mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.mask_inter_feat_4.weight
mask_inter_feat_4_b                                mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.mask_inter_feat_4.bias
conv5_mask_w                                       mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.conv5_mask.weight     
conv5_mask_b                                       mask_head.mask_feat.stage_0.conv5_mask.bias       
mask_fcn_logits_w                                  mask_head.mask_fcn_logits_0.weight                
mask_fcn_logits_b                                  mask_head.mask_fcn_logits_0.bias                  
